source/docs/StrawberryRhubarbPie.md, before:

# Strawberry and Rhubarb Pie Filling

Very light modification of [Smitten Kitchen's](https://smittenkitchen.com/2010/06/strawberry-rhubarb-pie-improved/) 
recipe
Use this filling with the  [Extra Flakey Pie Crust](PieCrust/ExtraFlakeyPieCrust.md)

## Equipment

* Mixing bowl
* Scales
* Pie dish
* Pastry brush

## Ingredients


| quantity      | Ingredient                                                  |
| :------------ | :---------------------------------------------------------- |
| 1             | [Extra Flakey Pie Crust](PieCrust/ExtraFlakeyPieCrust.md)   |
|               |                                                             |
| 300 g         | Diced rhubarb (about one supermarket bunch, two if opulent) |
| 500 g         | strawberries, hulled and sliced if big, halved if tiny      |
| 100 g         | granulated sugar                                            |
| 50 g          | light brown sugar                                           |
| 1 tablespoon  | lemon juice                                                 |
| 1/4 teaspoon  | salt                                                        |
| 1/3 cup       | quick-cooking tapioca (or arrowroot powder)                 |
|               |                                                             |
| 2 tablespoons | unsalted butter, cut into small pieces (optional)           |
|               |                                                             |
| 1             | egg yolk or some milk (for glaze)                           |
|               |                                                             |

Commit message:

add end of recipie to flaky pie crust

source/docs/StrawberryRhubarbPie.md, after:

# Strawberry and Rhubarb Pie Filling

Very light modification of [Smitten Kitchen's](https://smittenkitchen.com/2010/06/strawberry-rhubarb-pie-improved/)
recipe
Use this filling with the  [Extra Flaky Pie Crust](PieCrust/ExtraFlakyPieCrust.md)

## Equipment

* Mixing bowl
* Scales
* Pie dish
* Pastry brush

## Ingredients

| quantity | Ingredient                                                          |
| :------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| 1        | [Extra Flaky Pie Crust Dough](PieCrust/ExtraFlakyPieCrust.md)       |
|          |                                                                     |
| 300 g    | Diced rhubarb (about one supermarket bunch, two if feeling opulent) |
| 500 g    | strawberries, hulled and sliced if big, halved if tiny              |
| 100 g    | granulated sugar                                                    |
| 50 g     | light brown sugar                                                   |
| 1 tbsp   | lemon juice                                                         |
| 1/4 tsp  | salt                                                                |
| 1/3 cup  | quick-cooking tapioca (or arrowroot powder)                         |
|          |                                                                     |
| 30 gm    | unsalted butter, cut into small pieces (approx 2 tbsp) ,optional    |
|          |                                                                     |
| 1        | egg yolk or some milk (for glaze)                                   |
|          |                                                                     |


### Steps

1. Preheat oven to 200 degrees. On a well-floured counter, roll half of pie dough into a 12-inch (30 cm) circle and carefully transfer to a 9-inch (23 cm) pie plate.

2. Stir together rhubarb, strawberries, sugars, lemon, salt and tapioca in a large bowl. Mound filling inside bottom pie crust and dot with bits of unsalted butter.
3. Roll second half of pie dough into an 11-inch (28cm) circle and cut decorative slits in it. Transfer it to center over the pie filling.
4. Trim top and bottom pie dough so that their overhang beyond the pie plate lip is only 1/2-inch. Tuck rim of dough underneath itself and crimp it decoratively.
5. Transfer pie to a baking sheet and brush egg yolk mixture over dough. Bake for 20 minutes then reduce temperature to 170 degrees and bake for an additional 25 to 30 minutes, until the pie is golden and the juices bubble visibly.

Transfer pie to wire rack to cool. When full cool (several hours later) the juices gel.
